# Publish Or Perish (POP)
## Intended user
Publish Or Perish is an application for short story writers to help keep track of their stories and, most importantly, their submissions.

**Key features**

* The ability to quickly view important information about publication magazines (e.g., open submission dates, word count requirements, etc) generated by other users of the app
* The ability to add details about a publication not already stored on the app, which will become available for all other users to see.
* Users can log information about stories they are currently working, as well as completed projects.
* Users can add/view/edit/delete notes tied to a particular project.
* Users can log submissions of projects to specific publications, and:
    * record the date they expect to hear back from the publication
    * Once they have received a response, users can record this information and then quickly visualize it in the publication display

## Application walkthrough

### Dashboard/Homepage

Once a user has logged in, they will be displayed a dashboard view. At the top of this view is a navigation bar, which can navigate to home, completed stories list, or allow the user to log out.

On the left of the dashboard is a column displaying publication magazines recorded by users. Each publication card shows specific information about the magazine: publication title, open submission dates, word count requirements, and preferred genres. The Publication title is a clickable link, which takes the user to a magazine view with additional information.

At the bottom of this column is an add magazine button, which when clicked brings the user to a form for creating a new publication magazine.

On the right of the dashboard is a column displaying all current story projects the logged in user has. The story card shows the project title, a checkbox for marking the story complete, the total word count goald and daily word count goal. Each card also has a button for adding a note, viewing notes, edit the story card or deleting the story card. When the completed checkbox is marked, the story card will no longer be displayed in this view, as it is specifically for current projects.

At the bottom of this column is a button for adding a story, which brings the user to a form for creating a new project.

### Publication Magazine details page

Once a user has clicked on the title of any magazine, they will be shown a detail page dedicated to that publication. From this page a user is able to see:
* Publication details
* All pending submissions from the user to this publication
* All of the users' stories which have been accepted by this publication
* All of the users' stories which have been rejected by this publication

Story cards in the pending sumissions column also display the expected response date, and has a dropdown to allow the user to record the publication's response (accepted/rejected). At the bottom of this column is a button for adding a submission. Once clicked the user will be shown a form for recording the submission.

At the top of the form is a dropdown menu which has the titles of all of the users' completed stories.

### Completed stories view

When a user clicks the Completed stories tab on the navigation bar, they are brought to a screen displaying all stories the user has marked as complete. Above the list of completed story cards are two affordances for filtering the data: a dropdown menu, and a search bar.
The drop down menu has the following options, which will filter the display to only show stories which meet the specified critera:
* Display all (default)
* Submitted
* Not submitted
* Pending
* Accepted
* Rejected

The search bar allows the user to type in the title of any story. The cards displayed will update with each typed letter.

The story cards have a checkbox for marking them complete, which is defaulted to checked. If the user unchecks the box, the story card will no longer be displayed on this page but will instead appear in the stories column on the homepage. This can be done if a user decides they would like to do more work on that project.

The cards also have a dropdown menu with the titles of all saved magazines. Once the magazine title is clicked, the add submission form for that magazine will be displayed. This is an alternate means of submitting a story, in addition to going directly to the publication details page and submitting from there. 

Beneath the dropdown is a list displaying all publications the story has been submitted to, and that submission's current status. If the status is pending, the user can also see the expected response date.